Sunrise - Land Covered by White Sand
The title theme.
By "white sand", I mean snow. But snow feels different - it feels softer, yet lying down in it will make you cold.
Gradient between Yesterday and Tomorrow ~ Be Prepared
The first stage theme.
An energetic theme to start the game. Tomorrow's the summer solstice - be prepared for the festival!
I'm Freezing to Death!
Mernen's theme.
Quite true, indeed. You'd better hurry for some reason.
Winding Path to the Iron Gate
The second stage theme.
The protagonists feel a sense of desperation, knowing that the existence of the forest is at peril, as the layer of snow disperses the light of the summer sun. Little do they know of what can threaten their existence...
Nearyn Ringing through the Mountains
Cssysencyras Sesae's theme.
Some people complained that this theme echoes too much. Well, it's supposed to sound like bells. Anyway, I tried arranging things not in twos but rather in fives.
Pristine Darkness
The third stage theme.
At first (as in the end), it sounds completely calm, but suddenly it speeds up, as if one were flying through the lightless halls. Have a magic light near you.
Whistle of Stars ~ Tasogare Crisis
Vanar #13007's theme.
Honestly, this theme doesn't really belong to a manipulator of darkness. At parts, it sounds quite playful, but you'll need all the cheer to stand against the boss.
Strange Worlds Coming and Going
The fourth stage theme.
A flowing, yet not too rapid, theme fit for an air trip into the great library. Watch your head, as well as that person reading lots of books.
Legend of the Great Library
Erynor Canden's theme.
I disliked composing this theme, as I ran out of worthwhile ideas quickly. It's also too calm for a boss theme. However, the librarian is one of my more liked characters, although I wouldn't dare pretend to be that person.
Flawless Halls of Sandstone
The fifth stage theme.
This wasn't one of my favorite themes to compose, but it didn't take nearly as much work to get a decent length. It's quite difficult to put much effort into something you don't like.
Reawakening of the Ashes' Spirits
Alarysesmala Yronšyncra's theme.
This theme is a little short, but I enjoyed making it more than the previous. Also, "Alarysesmala Yronšyncra" (in Necarasso Cryssesa) is hard to spell for me. It makes me wonder why I haven't just used the Japanese names here.
Aquatic Fanfare
The sixth stage theme.
Complete!
The Battle of the Whirlpool
The Stage 6 Boss's theme.
Complete!
Five Clockwise Stars, Five Counterclockwise Stars
The seventh stage theme.
This was originally going to be Rencron's theme, but it's pretty slow. Better for a night walk in the celestial garden, I guess.
Rise of Golden Leaves
The Stage 7 Boss's theme.
At the beginning this theme has a windy feeling, but this quickly transitions into a slower and calmer melody.
Boundary between Science and Magic ~ Lily Wind
The eighth stage theme.
Complete!
Lead the Way out of False Beliefs
Vija's theme.
Complete!
Effort of Sixteen Years
The ninth stage theme.
For sixteen years they have been constructing the giant castle. Clearing the trees, placing each brick, and reaching for the clouds.
The Maze that Never Ends ~ Spatial Coincidence
Arcame Čyrden's theme.
Complete!
???
The final stage theme.
Not Started!
???
Arcame Dernar's theme.
Not Started!
???
The bad ending theme.
Not Started!
???
The good ending theme.
Not Started!
???
The credit theme.
Not Started!
Lingering Snow ~ another day...
The extra stage theme.
Complete!
???
Elssecisso Rencron's theme.
Not Started!
Double Flying Rainbow Scroll ~ Intensity
Esel Rygen's theme.
Intensity, both in color and in the tempo. Unlike other themes in this game, this one is also in a major key, and features a variety of sections.